contributors.md, before:

## Software Design and Code Contributors
- Barbaros Cetiner
- Frank McKenna

## Code Contributors
- John Vouvakis for the Importer class
- Sangri-Yi for Imputation & Inference
- Brian Wang for Incorporation of Large Scale Vision Models utilized in some segmetation and classification classes

## Feedback, Suggestions, Provision of Existing Algorithms & Data
- Large Scale Vision Model Incorporation: Stella Yu, Fei Pan
- Imputation: Adam Zsarnoczay, Dimitrios Giovanis, Ertugrul Taciroglu, Aakash Satish Bangalore
- Inference: Adam Zsarnoczay, Rachel Hamburger, Tracy Kijewski-Correa


## BRAILS

- BRAILS++ is a newly designed modular framework that builds upon selected components of the original BRAILS software (Barbaros Cetiner, Charles Wang, Frank McKenna, SaschaHornauer, Jinyan Zhao, Claudio Perez, & yunhuiguo. (2024). NHERI-SimCenter/BRAILS: Version 3.1.1 (v3.1.1). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10606032).
- From the original software certain portions of the code were incorporated into the new class hierarchy. The authors of those portions are included in the lists above.

Commit message:

Adding Steven to the contributors

contributors.md, after:

## Software Design and Code Contributors
- Barbaros Cetiner
- Frank McKenna

## Code Contributors
- John Vouvakis for the Importer class
- Sangri-Yi for Imputation & Inference
- Brian Wang for Incorporation of Large Scale Vision Models utilized in some segmetation and classification classes
- Steven Klepac & Arthriya Subgranon for  for the Detectron2-based First Floor Height prediction module


## Feedback, Suggestions, Provision of Existing Algorithms & Data
- Large Scale Vision Model Incorporation: Stella Yu, Fei Pan
- Imputation: Adam Zsarnoczay, Dimitrios Giovanis, Ertugrul Taciroglu, Aakash Satish Bangalore
- Inference: Adam Zsarnoczay, Rachel Hamburger, Tracy Kijewski-Correa


## BRAILS

- BRAILS++ is a newly designed modular framework that builds upon selected components of the original BRAILS software (Barbaros Cetiner, Charles Wang, Frank McKenna, SaschaHornauer, Jinyan Zhao, Claudio Perez, & yunhuiguo. (2024). NHERI-SimCenter/BRAILS: Version 3.1.1 (v3.1.1). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10606032).
- From the original software certain portions of the code were incorporated into the new class hierarchy. The authors of those portions are included in the lists above.
