examples/importer/importer.rst, before:

.. _importer_example:

Importer
========

|app| is a modular python framework for creating workflows that create data for SimCenter applications. In order to allow applications to be built **w/o the need to hard code every possible case**, there is a class in |app| that will return the class given the class name. This is the **Importer** class. It's has one method, **get_class()**, which will return the python class with that given name from which an object can be instantiated. 

The following example shows a more typical python example. 

.. literalinclude:: classic.py
   :language: python
   :linenos:


The following example shows it re-written using the **Importer** class.

.. literalinclude:: importer.py
   :language: python
   :linenos:

To run for example the **importer.py** script for Berkeley, CA the following would be issued frm a terminal window:

.. code-block::
      
   python3 imputation.py USA_FootprintScraper "Berkeley, CA"


and the application  would produce:

.. literalinclude:: output.txt
   :linenos:   
    
.. note::

   #. The purpose of the **Importer** class is to allow applications to be developed for building workflows. Consider developing an application that would parse the following JSON input file to such an application. Using the **Importer** class, this application could be written without a bunch of if-else statments switching on the type. This works in |app| because all the classes that do work inherit from **ABC**, **Abstract Base Class** which is part of the python abc module.

   .. literalinclude:: workflow.json
      :language: json		       
      :linenos:

   #. An additional advantage of this approach is that as developers add new subclasses, they do not have to search through the code to see all the places that need the if-else statements modified for their classes to be used.

   #. In the construction of the **Importer** object the code will search through all directories of the brails code to find all the classes that exist in the code-base. As such, no changes are needed to the class by developers wishing to add their code.
      
   #. Most of the examples presented will use the Importer class as we use the examples to test that class.

Commit message:

bc - Addressing issues with RST files and their references

examples/importer/importer.rst, after:

.. _importer_example:

Importer
========

|app| is a modular Python framework for creating workflows that create data for SimCenter applications. To **avoid hard-coding every possible case**, |app| includes a utility class that can return a class object based on its name — the Importer class.

The **:class:`~brails.types.importer.Importer`** class has a single method, **get_class()**, which takes a class name as input and returns the corresponding Python class, allowing you to instantiate objects dynamically.

The following example demonstrates a typical Python usage scenario:

.. literalinclude:: classic.py
   :language: python
   :linenos:


The following example shows it re-written using the **:class:`~brails.types.importer.Importer`** class.

.. literalinclude:: importer.py
   :language: python
   :linenos:

To run, for example, the **importer.py** script for Berkeley, CA, you would enter the following command in a terminal window:

.. code-block::
      
   python3 importer.py USA_FootprintScraper "Berkeley, CA"


and the application  would produce:

.. literalinclude:: output.txt
   :linenos:   
    
.. note::

   #. #. The purpose of the **:class:`~brails.types.importer.Importer`** class is to enable the development of applications for building workflows.  For example, imagine creating an application that parses the following JSON input file. By using the **:class:`~brails.types.importer.Importer`** class, the application can be written without lengthy ``if-else`` statements that switch on the type.  This is possible in |app| because all the classes that perform work inherit from :py:class:`abc.ABC` (*Abstract Base Class*), which is part of Python’s :py:mod:`abc` module.

   .. literalinclude:: workflow.json
      :language: json		       
      :linenos:

   #. An additional benefit of this approach is that when developers add new subclasses, they do not need to search the codebase to locate and update all the if-else statements required for their classes to function. The process is fully automated.

   #. When constructing a **:class:`~brails.types.importer.Importer`** object, the code automatically scans all directories within the |app| codebase to identify every available class. This means that developers can integrate their new code without making any modifications to the existing **:class:`~brails.types.importer.Importer`** class.

   #. Most of the provided examples will make use of the **:class:`~brails.types.importer.Importer`** class, both to illustrate its functionality and to serve as a means of testing its behavior.
